- PREVIOUSLY ON GRACELAND...
- [shouting in Spanish]
[gunshots]
- LOOKS LIKE YOU GOT HIT
BY A COUPLE OF NEWBIES.
THESE ARE SOME RAW RECRUITS.
- THIS WASN'T CAZA.
- BRIGGS REACHED OUT
TO CAZA.
- WORD CAME BACK THAT THEY
WANTED TO TALK, SO HE WENT.
NOW, WHEN WE GET THE NAME
OF WHOEVER CAME AFTER ME,
I NEED YOU ALL TO BE READY
TO HIT THE GROUND RUNNING.
- THIS IS CARLOS SOLANO JR.
HIS FRIENDS CALL HIM CARLITO.
- CARLOS SR. RUNS THE CARTEL
OUT OF TECATE.
SHIPS EVERYTHING NORTH
VIA CALCOAST BUSES TO CARLITO.
DO YOU KNOW ANY SOLANO DEALERS,
STREET LEVEL?
- YEAH, A FEW.
- WE'RE NOT GONNA FIND 'EM
TALKING TO CORNER BOYS.
- UNLESS WE'RE EMBEDDED.
FEEL LIKE MAKING
A NEW BOYFRIEND?
- YEAH, I CAN DO THAT.
IT JUST FEELS LIKE
EVERYTHING I TOUCH
TURNS STRAIGHT TO SH--.
- WE GOT ORDERS, CHUCK.
BUT I GUESS YOU'RE--
- I CAN'T, I CAN'T.
- CHARLIE--
- I JUST CAN'T RIGHT NOW.
- OH, DUDE,
YOU'RE REALLY GONNA LEAVE?
- YES!
- WE DO GOOD WORK HERE.
- WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU DID GOOD WORK?
YOU HEAD UP TACTICAL,
AND SOMETIMES BRIGGS
LETS YOU PLAY DRESS-UP.
- WHAT'S SO IMPORTANT
THAT YOU'RE GONNA LEAVE HERE?
UH-UH.
- UH-HUH.
- JAKES MOVED OUT.
- WHAT?
- OKAY, WELL, ZELANSKI,
YOU GET JAKES' ROOM.
- I JUST WANT VISITATION.
CASSANDRA, WE CAN--
- EXCUSE ME, MR. JAKES,
STEP BACK, PLEASE.
- OKAY.
- WE'VE GOT A RESTRAINING ORDER,
MR. JAKES.
[overlapping shouting]
- WHO'S THAT MAN?
- I'M YOUR FATHER!
[clatter]
[peaceful music]
♪ ♪
- I'M ONTO YOU.
HEY.
[banging on door]
HEY, IT'S DALE.
OPEN UP.
[banging on door]
HEY!
OPEN UP!
I'M AN AGENT
OF THE FEDERAL GODDAMN AGENCY!
- WHOA, JAKES, JAKES.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING, BRO?
- JOHNNY, SHH.
I THINK SOMEONE'S
IN MY ROOM, MAN.
- YEAH, HEY, HEY, IT'S ZELANSKI.
HE MOVED IN YESTERDAY.
- BATES?
- YEAH.
- YO, BATES!
OPEN UP!
- I GOT MY GUN, DALE.
IT'S LOADED.
- JAKES, JAKES, NO, NO.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING, BRO?
LOOK, RELAX.
- HEY, WHOA, WHOA.
- CHILL, CHILL, LOOK, LOOK.
- HEY, GET OFF OF ME, MAN.
- LOOK, LOOK, LISTEN, LISTEN.
- SHH, JOHNNY, JOHNNY.
- WHERE'S DANIEL?
- SHUT UP.
- WHERE IS HE?
IS HE OKAY?
[grunts]
SH--
- DO NOT SAY HIS NAME, MAN!
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT DID YOU DO?
WHOA, JOHNNY! WAIT!
JOHNNY, STOP!
- COME WITH IT, LUCHA LIBRE!
COME WITH IT!
- SHUT UP!
- THAT'S WHAT YOU WANNA DO.
- NO!
[overlapping shouting]
- HEY, GUYS!
GUYS!
- NO!
BACK UP, MAN!
BACK UP!
HEY, IT IS WAY TOO EARLY
FOR THIS.
- EXACTLY.
- I AGREE WITH THE CHIQUITA.
CHILL OUT!
NOW WHO'S TANKED?
- HIM!
- ME.
- WELL, THEN TAKE THE HIGH ROAD,
JOHNNY.
THAT MAKES THIS HALF AS HARD.
- HE HEADBUTTED ME!
- YOU HEADBUTTED HIM?
- I'M GONE FIVE MINUTES,
AND YOU GUYS GIVE BATES MY ROOM?
PROBABLY IN THERE,
PAINTING THE WALLS AS WE SPEAK.
- OH, YEAH,
I AM NOW, ASSHOLE!
- OKAY, OKAY,
LET'S BRING THIS DOWNSTAIRS.
WE CAN SIT DOWN.
WE CAN TALK ABOUT THIS.
- LET'S GO.
I KNOW, BABY, COME ON.
- JUST WANT TO GO TO BED.
- I KNOW.
- JUST WANT TO GO
TO BED, BRIGGS.
- I KNOW.
- ZELANSKI,
THE COAST IS CLEAR.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING, BRO?
YOU WERE ACTUALLY
GONNA SHOOT HIM?
- THERE'S TWO THINGS
I WON'T ABIDE BY--
BEING THREATENED IN MY ROOM
AND BEING THREATENED
IN MY UNDERWEAR.
MORNING.
- MORNING.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK--
ASLEEP, DEAD, INDIFFERENT?
- I THOUGHT YOU PUT IN
FOR A TRANSFER.
- YEAH, AND THEN
I CHANGED MY MIND.
- YOU CAN'T
JUST CHANGE YOUR MIND, MAN.
- AND YET HERE I AM!
MIRACLE OF MIRACLES.
- BOYS DOWNTOWN KNOW
YOU'RE REWRITING YOUR TICKET?
- I'MA CALL 'EM
IN THE MORNING.
- IT IS MORNING.
- HEY, I HEARD A COMMOTION.
- COMMOTION? YEAH.
PRINCESS AND THE FRICKIN' PEA
HERE, THIS GUY.
- JAKES DECIDED TO STAY,
BUT HIS PAPERWORK'S
STILL IN PROCESS.
MEANWHILE ZELANSKI HERE
HAS ALREADY PLANTED HIS FLAG.
- IT'S A QUANDARY.
- DJ, MY MAN, WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE CALL YOU A CAB,
GET YOU
IN A NICE, COMFY HOTEL--
- NO!
I STILL LIVE HERE.
- I SWITCHED ROOMS
LITERALLY YESTERDAY.
DON'T WE HAVE A SPARE ROOM
NOW THAT YOU AND CHARLIE ARE,
YOU KNOW--
- NO.
I'M BACK IN MY ROOM.
- GUESS THAT MEANS TOO MANY
CORPSES, NOT ENOUGH COFFINS.
- MAN, WHY DON'T WE JUST
VOTE SOMEBODY OFF?
- MIKE'S GOT
ADMINISTRATIVE COMMAND
OVER THIS TASK FORCE--
IT'S HIS CALL.
- NO, THIS IS A HOUSE THING.
IT'S NOT OPERATIONAL.
- ACTUALLY, GRACELAND
IS THE OPERATION, WARREN.
- THANKS.
- MIKE, LOOK.
DUDE, LISTEN, BRO, IT'S EASY.
WHAT DO YOU LIKE MORE--
AN AWESOME, FREAKING STAND-UP
DEA AGENT
OR...
A SORRY-ASS DRUNK.
- JOHNNY.
- NO, HE'S RIGHT.
I'M DRUNK.
- JAKES' PAPERWORK IS IN LIMBO,
SO JAKES IS IN LIMBO.
THE ROOM'S YOURS.
- HELL, YEAH!
- UNTIL SUCH A TIME
AS WE'VE DETERMINED
WHO STAYS PERMANENTLY.
- YOU'RE WISE AND SAGE-LIKE,
MIKE WARREN.
- [snoring]
- WHAT ABOUT HIM?
- ALL RIGHT,
ONE, TWO, THREE.
[both grunt]
- SO ARE THESE THE KIND
OF UPPER MANAGEMENT SKILLS
THEY TEACH YOU IN D.C.?
- HR'S NOT MY STRONG SUIT.
- NAH, YOU'RE DOING GREAT.
- YEAH.
- [snoring]
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
[knocking]
- I HAD AN UNCLE WHO DIED
OF LUNG CANCER.
IT WAS NOT PRETTY.
- THIS ROOM HERE
IS A SANCTIMONY-FREE ROOM.
- I JUST WANT AN UPDATE
ON CARLITO SOLANO.
HOW WAS THE PARTY?
- PARTY WAS A NO-GO.
- THERE WAS NO PLAY AT ALL?
- JUST SAID THAT, DIDN'T I?
AND JOHNNY SAYS
HE HAS A COUPLE OF IDEAS, SO...
- WHAT KIND OF IDEAS
DOES JOHNNY HAVE?
- HAVE TO ASK JOHNNY.
- I CAN'T ASK JOHNNY
BECAUSE HE'S OUT SOMEWHERE
WITH ZELANSKI.
- MIKE, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO TELL YOU, I'M SORRY.
- ALL RIGHT, WELL,
JUST LET ME KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED AT THE PAR--
- IF IT WAS UP TO ME,
I'D PICK ZELANSKI.
- I THOUGHT YOU LIKED JAKES.
- I DO.
IT'S NOT THAT, IT'S JUST
DALE IS LIKE A STRAY CAT.
HE'S ONLY HERE FOR THE FREE FOOD
AND A WARM PLACE TO STAY.
- AND ZELANSKI?
- HE'S MUCH MORE DEPENDABLE.
- SURE IT DOESN'T HURT
THAT HE FAWNS OVER YOU.
- OH, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU DO NOT GET
TO START BEING POSSESSIVE.
- THIS GUY'S NAME IS BATES.
I DON'T THINK I HAVE ANYTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
- AND ONE NIGHT TOGETHER DOESN'T
MEAN YOU CAN BE COCKY EITHER.
- WHAT?
- HUH?
- ME?
- YEAH.
- COCKY?
- MM-HMM.
- THAT DRESS IS DOING A LOT
OF THINGS TO ME, BY THE WAY.
- THERE'S A LOT OF DEER
OUT THERE.
HELPS TO BE THE HEADLIGHT.
- SO IT'S LIKE A...
- IT'S LIKE A...
YOU WANNA BE MY DEER?
- MM-HMM.
- I'LL BE YOUR HEAD...
LIGHT.
[clears throat]
- WHAT'S UP, BRIGGS?
- MIKEY MIKE.
STOPPED BY THE FIELD OFFICE.
ONE OF THE NINE-TO-FIVERS
HAD THESE FOR YOU.
YOU, UH, PLANNING A MOVIE NIGHT
OR SOMETHING
FROM, LIKE, 1984?
- IT'S SECURITY FOOTAGE
FROM THE CALCOAST TERMINAL.
- AH.
- ONCE CHARLIE GETS IN
WITH CARLITO,
WE STILL NEED TO BE ABLE
TO LINK HIM
TO THE CONTRABAND
ON THE BUSES.
THE PROBLEM IS, I DON'T KNOW
WHICH BUSES TO KNOCK OVER.
- AH, AND YOU'RE THINKING
OF SPOTTING 'EM ON THOSE?
- MM-HMM.
- 10-4.
THAT IS A LOT OF HOURS,
WARREN.
- THAT'S WHY
I'M COUNTING ON PAIGE HERE
TO HELP ME NARROW IT DOWN.
- AH. I WONDERED WHY
YOU HAD ON...THE DRESS.
- YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS?
- EVERYBODY KNOWS ABOUT THIS.
- YOU GOT A COKE DEAL,
YOU CALL THE LADY IN WHITE.
SO WHO'S THE LUCKY DEALER?
- UH, SOLANO DEALER
UP IN ECHO PARK, LIL TOP.
- ISN'T THAT THE STUPIDEST NAME
YOU EVER HEARD?
LITTLE TOP?
- NO, LIL.
LIL TOP OR JUST TOP.
LOOK, I DON'T NAME
THESE IDIOTS.
- AH, SO COZY UP TO TOP,
THEN DIG FOR INTEL.
- YEAH.
- ACTUALLY, NO.
CLOCK'S RUNNING OUT.
NO TIME TO COZY.
I NEED YOU TO PRESS LIL TOP
TO SELL MORE THAN HE CAN HANDLE.
A KILO, MAYBE.
AND WHEN HE CAN'T, WE'LL FIND
OUT WHEN HIS NEXT SHIPMENT IS.
- NO, IT'S NOT GONNA PLAY.
I'VE NEVER BOUGHT MORE
THAN A FEW GRAMS FROM TOP.
- MONEY TALKS, RIGHT?
- ACTUALLY, MIKE,
THESE GUYS ARE LIKE FIELD MICE.
THEY'RE CREATURES OF HABIT.
THEY SPOT ONE LITTLE THING
OUT OF PATTERN,
THEY'RE LIKELY TO RUN RIGHT BACK
INTO THEIR HIDEY-HOLE.
- ALL RIGHT.
WELL, IF OUR LADY IN WHITE HERE
DOESN'T HAVE THE CAPITAL,
I KNOW YOU'RE OFF NARCO.
WOULD YOU MIND
BEING HER SUGAR DADDY?
- [sighs]
WELL, WE'RE SETTING UP A DEAL,
NOT MAKING ONE, RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- I'VE ALWAYS WANTED
TO BUY YOU SHINY, PRETTY THINGS.
- [laughing]
ALL RIGHT, I'LL BRIEF YOU
ON THE RIDE.
BYE, MIKE.
- [snoring]
- DALE, WAKE UP.
JAKES!
[sighs]
- [grunts]
HUH? WHAT'S-- WHAT'S--
WHAT'S TODAY?
AH! JESUS!
- I NEED YOUR HELP.
- WHAT AM I LOOKING FOR?
- OUTLIERS.
SOMETHING THAT POINTS
TO A SPECIFIC BUS.
- OUTLIERS.
- MM-HMM.
- FANTASTIC.
[indistinct chatter]
[dog barks]
[dogs barking]
- LADY IN WHITE,
I MISSED YOU.
- I MISSED YOU TOO, TOP.
THIS IS MY FRIEND
I WAS TELLING YOU ABOUT.
- LIL TOP, WHAT'S UP, B?
MY NAME'S PAUL.
- YOU BLACK?
- [speaking Spanish]
MY DAD WAS DARK-SKINNED,
MY MOM WAS LIGHT--
BOTH HALVES OF THE D.R.
- YOU'RE FROM THE DOMINICAN?
- I WASN'T RAISED THERE,
BUT IN THE WINTERTIME,
WE USED TO GO DOWN
TO BARAHONA.
- HE'S GOOD, TOP.
[whispering]
HE HAS GREEN.
- ALL RIGHT.
COME ON.
- AFTER YOU.
[reggae music playing]
- OKAY, SO GET THIS.
PAUL GETS THIS BUCK TICKET
AT THE GROCERY STORE--
A PICK FIVE, RIGHT?
- PICK FIVE!
- PICK FIVE,
AND HE HITS ALL FIVE NUMBERS.
- MM. ALL FIVE.
- [laughs]
- LUCKY GUY.
- YEAH, MAN.
I WANNA RENT A HOUSE
UP IN THE HILLS,
SPEND THE WEEKEND
SPRINKLING STARDUST
ON BAD BITCHES IN BIKINIS.
YOU KNOW?
- YOU'LL HAVE TO INVITE ME THEN.
- YEAH, B.
- WHAT BARRIO?
- IN THE HILLS?
- IN BARAHONA.
WHAT NEIGHBORHOOD?
- OH, I WASN'T
IN THE CITY PROPER.
- NO?
- NO, UP THE HIGHWAY A CLIP.
LITTLE VILLAGE BY A LAKE.
- LADY IN WHITE...
YOU WANT A TASTE?
- NOT IF IT'S YOUR USUAL STUFF.
- HOW MUCH
YOU LOOKING TO MOVE?
- OH, THIS IS THE BEST PART.
PAUL?
- JUST A LITTLE BIT.
- 20 GRAND.
- OH, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
- WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
- THE PROBLEM IS THAT EVERY
OTHER TIME YOU COME IN HERE,
YOU BUY A GRAM,
AND TODAY YOU A HIGH ROLLER?
- NO, I--IT'S NOT MY MONEY,
IT'S PAUL'S.
I TOLD YOU HE JUST WON IT.
- I KNOW.
THE PICK FIVE, THE PICK FIVE.
[speaking Spanish]
- OKAY, WELL, IF IT STINKS,
WE CAN TAKE IT BACK, RIGHT?
[screams]
TOP!
[crying]
- DON'T.
- STOP. YOU'RE MAKING
A HUGE MISTAKE.
- OH, THE MISTAKE WAS HIS.
- [crying]
- COMING IN HERE
WITH SOME BULLSH--
[speaking Spanish]
ABOUT THE D.R.
- WASN'T NO FAIRY TALE,
HERMANO, NEVER WAS.
- NO?
- NO.
- WHAT'S THE NAME
OF THE LAKE?
- WHAT?
- "LITTLE VILLAGE BY A LAKE,"
YOU SAID.
AIN'T THAT MANY LAKES
ON THE ISLAND.
- LAGO ENRIQUILLO.
RIGHT UP HIGHWAY 46,
YOU KNOW IT?
YOU GET THERE EARLY ENOUGH,
YOU CAN CATCH PAVON.
LISTEN, LIL TOP,
THIS PICK FIVE--
IT PAYS BIG.
THERE'S A LOT MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM.
- [crying] A LOT MORE, TOP.
THERE IS A LOT MORE!
- 20 Gs IS ALMOST A KEY.
I AIN'T GOT NO KEY.
- CAN YOU GET ONE?
- SUNDAY.
- [screams]
- I'MA HOLD ON TO THIS
IN CASE YOU TWO RUN
INTO SOME UNSAVORY ELEMENT.
COMPRENDE?
- COMPRENDO.
- YEAH.
- [speaking Spanish]
- BRO, THESE ARE AWESOME!
HOMEBOY'S GONNA FLIP!
- YEAH, HE BETTER.
CAN I ASK,
IF WARREN FINDS OUT--
- HE'S NOT GONNA FIND OUT.
DON'T SAY THAT.
- YEAH, ALL I'M SAYING
IS THE MAN DOESN'T SEEM
LIKE
THE TAKE-IT-IN-STRIDE TYPE.
- LOOK, WE'RE IN THE CONE
OF SILENCE HERE.
HE AIN'T GONNA FIND OUT
UNLESS SOMEBODY TELLS HIM.
- SOMEBODY TELLS WHO?
- NO-- NOBODY.
[exhales]
- WHAT'S IN THE BOX?
- HMM?
- IT'S, UH,
BACKGAMMON, MAN.
- JOHNNY.
WHAT'S IN THE BOX?
- [sighs]
- MAYBE THIS WHOLE THING
IS MY FAULT.
I SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU MORE.
BUT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
THAT THIS ENTIRE OPERATION
IS A HOUSE OF CARDS.
GUYS, WE HAVE TWO WEEKS, OKAY?
TWO WEEKS!
- MM-HMM.
- SO IF SOLANO EVEN CAUGHT
A SCENT OF THIS...
- HE DIDN'T CATCH OF SCENT
OF THIS, MIKE!
- JOHNNY'S BEEN DOING THIS
FOR WAY LONGER THAN YOU, MIKE.
- PREACH!
- THIS IS NOT A QUESTION
OF TENURE.
THIS WAS DANGEROUS,
IRRESPONSIBLE,
AND FRANKLY INSUBORDINATE.
- OH!
- OH, OH!
- INSUBORDINATE!
I THINK WE HIT THE CORE ISSUE.
- REALLY?
- IS THAT WHAT IT WAS?
- INSUBORDINATE.
- DO I HAVE TO BREAK UP
ANOTHER FIGHT?
- IT'S NOT A FIGHT.
- NOT YET.
- HEY, BY THE WAY,
YOU SAID THAT THERE WAS
NO PLAY ON SOLANO.
- I DON'T--
- THE PLAY CAME
AFTER SHE LEFT, MAN.
IT'S NOT HER FAULT.
- I FOUND OUT CARLITO IS
INTO ANTIQUE MEXICAN WEAPONS.
- HE WAS SUPPOSED TO ACT
IN SUPPORT OF YOU,
BUT INSTEAD, HE WENT IN--
- MIKE, AT SOME POINT,
YOU HAVE TO STOP ACTING
LIKE YOU INVENTED UNDERCOVER.
- THANK YOU!
- SERIOUSLY.
- THANK YOU.
- ALL RIGHT, GUYS--
- EXACTLY
WHAT I WANTED TO SAY.
- CARLITO SOLANO
DOESN'T JUST MURDER PEOPLE,
HE EVISCERATES THEM.
- WE KNOW THAT, MIKE.
- AND THEN HE STRINGS THEM UP
FOR PUBLIC CONSUMPTION.
- WE KNOW THAT!
- THIS GUY'S NOT ONE OF YOUR
MALAYSIAN STREET TOUGHS, JOHN.
- OH, IS HE NOT?
- HE'S A GRADE-A PSYCHOPATH.
SO SERIOUSLY,
UNLESS YOU WANNA SEE
WHAT THE INSIDE OF THAT PRETTY
LITTLE STOMACH LOOKS LIKE--
- OKAY, MIKE,
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
DID I MAKE CONTACT?
- MM-HMM.
- DID I SET THE MEET?
- YES.
- DID I GET THE PISTOLS
ALL READY?
WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT?
- JOHNNY...
CARLITO'S INTO MEXICAN SH--.
- YEAH, HE IS.
- CERTIFICATE
OF AUTHENTICITY.
LES PISTOLETS SONT FRANCAIS.
- THEY'RE FRENCH?
- YEAH.
- OH, GOD DAMN IT,
MY BOY SCREWED ME.
- HEY, WHATEVER.
LOOK, MAN.
HE'S A BANGER, HE'S NOT GONNA
WANNA SEE THE CERTIFICATE.
LOOK, I'M-- IT'S GOOD.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
- [scoffs]
- YOU'RE AN ASSHOLE, MAN.
- DID YOU FIGURE OUT
YOUR PERSONNEL ISSUE?
- I DON'T KNOW.
[sighs]
ZELANSKI'S RECALCITRANT,
BUT JAKES...
[sighs]
YOU THINK ICE WOULD PUSH BACK
IF I KICK HIM OUT?
- THEY'LL DO THEIR OBLIGATORY
JURISDICTIONAL DICK SWINGING,
BUT LET'S BE HONEST,
THAT'S ICE.
- ANY ADVICE?
- YEAH. DON'T SCREW UP.
- TERRIFIC.
THANK YOU.
[knocking]
- DUDE, I FIGURED IT OUT.
JOSEPH NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.
- NAPOLEON?
- NO, NO.
NAPOLEON'S COUSIN.
- I'M ON THE PHONE.
- YEAH, BUT I FIGURED IT OUT.
- JOHNNY, PLEASE.
I'M ON THE PHONE.
- WHAT WAS THAT?
- I HAVE MADE
A PERSONNEL CHANGE.
I THINK THAT JOHNNY...
TUTURRO...
IS BETTER
FOR THE CARLITO SOLANO ANGLE.
- I THOUGHT YOU SAID YOU DIDN'T
HAVE A GREAT DEAL OF CONFIDENCE
WHEN IT CAME TO TUTURRO.
- I'M COMING AROUND.
[knocking]
JOHNNY, I'M ON THE PHONE!
I NEED TO LET YOU GO.
- IS EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
- NO. I GOTTA GO.
ARE YOU OKAY?
- RELATIVE TO WHAT?
- JESUS.
- IT STILL HAS MOBILITY.
IT'LL BE FINE.
IT JUST HURTS.
- WHAT HAPPENED?
- WE'RE MOVING TOO FAST.
THERE'S NO HURRY-UP OFFENSE
IN UNDERCOVER WORK.
- I KNOW, I KNOW.
WASHINGTON IS
A RESULTS-ORIENTED PLACE,
AND WITH THIS MONEY
THAT THEY'RE PUMPING IN--
- THE SHIPMENT
COMES IN SUNDAY.
- WAIT, YOU GOT IT?
- I GOT IT.
- YOU'RE INCREDIBLE.
- [laughing]
- SUNDAY, SUNDAY, SUNDAY.
OKAY, IF LIL TOP
GETS THIS THING SUNDAY,
THAT MEANS THE BUSES
ARE GONNA COME ANYTIME.
I NEED TO CHECK WITH JAKES AND--
- MIKE?
- YEAH.
- WHAT?
- BUSES DON'T RUN THAT LATE.
- RIGHT.
YEAH, RIGHT.
- SORRY. I--
- MM.
HAND.
- OOH.
- OW.
[laughter]
[funk music]
♪ ♪
- YO!
- WHAT'S UP?
- CHILLIN'.
- NICE DIGS.
- ALWAYS THOUGHT NATURAL LIGHT
WAS OVERRATED.
- OH!
WARREN'S GOT YOU
ON VIDEOGRAPHY, HUH?
- LOOKING FOR OUTLIERS.
- MM.
- FEEL LIKE I MADE IT.
NOT SURE BUM FIGHTS COUNT.
- DAMN, THEY'RE GETTING IT IN,
HUH?
- MM-HMM.
- [laughs]
SO THINGS WENT SOUTH
WITH CASSANDRA, HUH, BRO?
LISTEN, MAN, I...
[sighs]
I KNOW YOU'RE HURTING.
I'VE BEEN THERE.
- YOU'VE NEVER BEEN HERE.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHERE HERE IS.
- FAIR ENOUGH.
LISTEN, MAN, THE POINT IS THAT
SELF-MEDICATION IS NOT THE MOVE.
- BRIGGS,
LET ME JUST STOP YOU
RIGHT THERE.
YOU REALLY GONNA
COME IN HERE,
SPEWING THAT GRANOLA BULLSH--
ABOUT FINDING YOUR CENTER?
- [takes deep breath]
- MAN, I KNOW YOU.
I KNOW YOU.
YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR SOMEBODY TO SAVE,
YOU BETTER LOOK
IN THE MIRROR.
- [sighs]
[humming]
[grunting playfully]
- YOU GOT A SEC?
- YEAH, UH...
[laughs]
YEAH, COME IN.
I'M ALMOST DONE HERE.
SO...
YOU'RE GOING WITH JAKES, RIGHT?
- I, UM...
I NEED TO GO WITH ICE.
IT'S A SPHERE OF RESOURCES
AND EXPERTISE
I CAN'T AFFORD TO LOSE.
- DON'T GIVE ME A LINE,
WARREN.
THERE'S NOTHING WRONG
WITH BEING LOYAL.
JOHNNY KNOW?
- NOT YET.
- DO ME A FAVOR.
DON'T TELL HIM
BEFORE THE OP.
- YOU'RE NOT GONNA
SAY GOOD-BYE?
- BROTHER'S HEADING
INTO THE LION'S DEN.
YOU DON'T NEED
ANY EXTRA BULLSH--
FLOATING AROUND UP TOP, OKAY?
- OKAY.
HE'LL BE UPSET.
- YEAH, PROBABLY.
BUT HE'LL BE ALIVE.
- WELL, WE GOT A WHOLE BIG BAG
OF NOTHING.
THAT'S WHAT WE GOT.
EYES ON LOW-TRAFFIC EXTERIORS
ARE GOOD FOR SECURITY
BUT BAD FOR RECONNAISSANCE.
- SO YOU GOT NOTHING.
- NOTHING BUS-RELATED.
I COULD SHOW YOU
THE TINKER BELLS.
- TINKER BELLS?
- WHICH ONE'S TINKER BELL?
- WAIT FOR IT. BOOM.
- THAT'S A TODDLER'S BACKPACK.
SHE'S A LITTLE TOO OLD FOR IT.
- WELL, L.A. IS FULL
OF MISGUIDED FASHION STATEMENTS.
WAIT, WAIT.
THAT IS A DIFFERENT GIRL
WITH THE SAME--
- THE SAME BACKPACK.
- WHAT BUS ARE THEY RIDING?
- WELCOME TO THE STONE AGE.
THESE TIME CODES
ARE ALL OVER THE MAP,
SO I CAN'T TIE
ANY SPECIFIC GIRLS
TO ANY SPECIFIC LINES.
- RIGHT.
[sighs]
OKAY, DO WE REALLY THINK
THAT THESE WHITE GIRLS
ARE INVOLVED
WITH THE SOLANO CARTEL?
- CARTELS LIKE TO USE MARKERS
TO LABEL THEIR MULES.
RED HAT, BLUE SNEAKERS,
PINK BACKPACK.
THAT WAY, THE RUNNERS STATESIDE
CAN SPOT THEM.
- THOSE AREN'T DRUG MULES.
- SEEN IT A THOUSAND TIMES,
JAKES.
- YEAH, THAT'S YOUR PROBLEM.
THAT'S ALL YOU'VE SEEN.
YOU DEA, YOU ONLY GOT ONE THING
ON THE BRAIN-- DRUGS.
YOU DON'T USE AN ASS LIKE THAT
TO HAUL THE PRODUCT.
ASS LIKE THAT IS THE PRODUCT.
- OKAY, WELL,
I'M GONNA GO TO CALCOAST,
SEE WHAT THERE IS TO SEE.
- GREAT.
YOU THINK YOU CAN SOBER UP?
- SERIOUSLY?
- I WANT YOU TWO
TO LOOK FOR THAT BUS.
- LET ME TAKE ZELANSKI.
- STILL HERE, GUYS.
- IT'S JAKES.
- JAKES IT IS.
DECLARED HIMSELF
KING OF SPAIN..."
- OKAY, IF YOU NEED THE TEAM,
ALL YOU HAVE TO SAY IS--
- "IT'S HOT IN HERE."
I GOT IT.
"PEACE OFFERING
TO JOSE DE ITURRIGARAY."
- AND I JUST HAVE TO SAY,
THIS WHOLE FRENCH-MEXICAN
PISTOL THING
IS MAKING ME VERY NERVOUS.
- YEAH, WELL,
YOU'RE NOT THE ONE GOING IN,
ARE YOU, MIKE?
- NO.
- CHECK ONE, TWO, ONE, TWO.
- JOHNNY.
THIS WHOLE CASE
HINGES ON CARLITO SOLANO.
IF I HAVE TO SEND THAT TEAM
IN THERE, IT'S--
- MIKE, JUST KEEP YOUR TEAM
BACK, ALL RIGHT?
I GOT THIS.
I'VE SEEN BRIGGS HOLD SH--
TOGETHER PLENTY OF TIMES.
I KNOW HOW IT'S DONE.
- YOU'RE NOT BRIGGS.
- [laughs]
YEAH?
WELL, NEITHER ARE YOU.
[dance music]
♪ ♪
- WAIT HERE.
- WHATEVER YOU GOT
YOU CAN LEAVE IT.
- UM...
HI, UH, MY NAME'S, UH--
- I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOUR NAME IS,
JUST LEAVE MY BROTHER'S
SILLY CRAP AND GO.
- ACTUALLY, I THINK
I MIGHT HAVE BEEN INVITED.
- LITTLE MAN, IF YOU
WERE INVITED, I'D KNOW YOU.
- LITTLE MAN?
- LUCIA.
HE'S WITH US.
- WITH YOU?
- WITH CARLITO.
- LUCIA WAS GIVING YOU
A HARD TIME?
- YOUR SISTER?
NAH, SHE, UH...
SHE SEEMS NICE.
- DON'T LIE.
MY SISTER'S A BITCH.
[laughing]
AH, SO, UH, YOU MET ESTEBAN
AT THE CLUB, HUH?
- YEAH.
YEAH, YOU KNOW,
WE WERE SHOOTING THE SH--.
HE SAYS THAT HIS BOY'S
GOT A HARD-ON
FOR MEXICAN ANTIQUES,
SO...
HONESTLY I WOULDN'T
HAVE CARED AS MUCH
TILL I SAW
HIS FRIEND WAS YOU.
- OH?
- I SEEN YOU AROUND, BRO.
YOU SEEM LIKE
A GOOD GUY TO KNOW.
- SHOW ME.
- LATE 18TH CENTURY.
NEAR PERFECT CONDITION.
- WOW,
THE SILVER INLAY
IS EXQUISITE.
WHERE DID YOU SAY
YOU GOT THESE AGAIN?
- OLD CAT
OUT OF SANTA ANITA
WITH A LOUSY-ASS EYE
FOR THOROUGHBREDS.
- A DEGENERATE GAMBLER
WITH A PAIR
OF 200-YEAR-OLD PISTOLS, HUH?
- YEAH, APPARENTLY HIS
GREAT-GREAT SOMETHING OR OTHER
WAS A REVOLUCIONARIO.
THESE ARE NINTH GENERATION
HAND-ME-DOWNS.
- FROM THE MEXICAN REVOLUTION?
- YEAH.
- AND YOU WOULD, SAY,
STAKE YOUR LIFE ON THAT?
- YEAH.
YEAH, I WOULD.
- WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
YOUR FRIEND IN SANTA ANITA
IS NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHO MAKES BAD BETS.
"N.N.B."
NICOLAS-NOEL BOUTET.
HE MADE FIREARMS FOR
THE MANUFACTORY OF VERSAILLES.
THESE PISTOLS ARE FRENCH,
NOT SPANISH.
I TOLD YOU NOT TO LIE TO ME.
- GOD DAMN IT, JOHNNY,
I TOLD YOU.
I FREAKING TOLD YOU.
- I DIDN'T LIE TO YOU.
I JUST WASN'T FINISHED
WITH THE STORY YET.
THERE'S MORE.
- YOU WEREN'T FINISHED
WITH THE STORY?
LET'S SEE--
I ALWAYS ENJOY
WATCHING A STUPID, LITTLE MAN
WITH A BIG MOUTH
DIG HIMSELF DEEPER.
- IN 1808, JOSEPH BONAPARTE
DECLARED HIMSELF KING OF SPAIN.
HE OFFERED THESE
AS PEACE OFFERINGS
TO JOSE DE ITURRIGARAY,
THE VICEROY OF MEXICO.
BUT ITURRIGARAY WAS DEPOSED,
AND THE PISTOLS FELL
TO JUAN BAUTISTA DE SONORA,
A MEXICAN LIEUTENANT
WHO FOUGHT WITH ZAPATA
IN THE REVOLUTION.
THAT'S MY FRIEND'S ANCESTOR.
- [laughs]
THAT'S A GOOD STORY.
OKAY, I GUESS I WAS RIGHT
ABOUT THE BIG MOUTH PART,
AT ANY RATE.
[laughing]
DO THEY WORK?
- IF YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
- AY.
I'VE, UM...
I'VE NEVER PACKED A BARREL
LIKE THIS ONE BEFORE.
SHOW ME.
- THIS CHAMBER TAKES
ABOUT 50 GRAINS OF BLACK POWDER.
SET THE BALL
ON THE LUBRICATED PATCH.
- UH-HUH.
- AND THEN PRESS IT INTO
THE BARREL WITH YOUR STARTER.
- UH-HUH.
- THEN YOUR RAMROD.
JAM IT IN,
AND YOU'RE ALL SET.
- SO LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU WANT ME TO
JAM IT IN
WITH MY RAMROD, HUH?
- YOU'RE NOT MY TYPE.
- SO NOW
IT'S READY TO FIRE?
- THAT'S RIGHT.
- AY, AMIGO.
YOU INSULT ME.
AND YOU LIE TO ME.
YOU STILL HAVE TO PUT
THE FIRING CAP
ON THE PERCUSSION NIPPLE,
LIKE SO.
RIGHT?
- THAT'S RIGHT, I FORGOT.
- UH-HUH.
YEAH, YOU FORGOT.
YOU TOO.
CAP YOUR NIPPLE.
- [laughs]
- CAP YOUR NIPPLE, PUSSY.
[laughter]
NOW...
WE ARE READY TO DO BATTLE.
- I'M NOT DOING THIS, BRO.
- THAT'S RIGHT.
I FORGOT, YOU CANNOT JUST
ASK FOR A DUEL.
NO, NO, NO.
YOU HAVE TO PROVOKE IT.
[light laughter]
OH, MIRA, LOOK.
HIS FACE IS ALL RED.
OH!
POBRECITO.
STAND UP, LITTLE PUSSY.
- I'M NOT DOING THIS, BRO.
I ALREADY TOLD YOU NO.
- AND I TOLD YOU TO STAND.
[crowd murmurs]
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY.
[laughing]
I'M GONNA SHOOT YOU RIGHT HERE
IN MY LIVING ROOM, OKAY?
RIGHT HERE!
I'M GONNA DO THAT.
BUT YOU GOT A COUPLE CHOICES.
I CAN DO IT RIGHT HERE
POINT BLANK,
OR WE CAN WALK OUR PACES
AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
- [sighs]
[dramatic music]
- EIGHT PACES, NO CHEATING.
[speaking Spanish]
YOU READY?
- YEAH.
- OKAY, HERE WE GO.
ONE...
TWO...
- [breathing heavily]
- THREE...
FOUR...
FIVE...
SIX...
SEVEN...
[distant screaming]
- CARLOS, STOP IT!
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?
- UH, WE WERE
JUST PLAYING A GAME.
- A GAME.
- YEAH.
- WHAT'S THE NAME OF THE GAME
WHERE YOU SHOOT SOMEONE
IN THE BACK?
- I WASN'T GONNA SHOOT HIM.
I-- ASK HIM.
- I'M NOT ASKING HIM.
ALL OF YOU,
GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE.
- GET OUT OF HERE!
- I CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR
WHAT PAPA SAYS ABOUT THIS.
- OH, NO, NO.
WE'RE NOT GONNA TELL PAPA.
- OH, LIKE HELL.
YOU WERE ABOUT TO KILL
YOUR FRIEND.
- HE-- HE'S NOT OUR FRIEND.
WE DON'T EVEN KNOW HIM.
- MY GOD!
YOU WERE GOING TO SHOOT
A STRANGER IN OUR LIVING ROOM?
- HE WASN'T GONNA SHOOT ME.
- YOU SEE,
I WASN'T GOING TO SHOOT.
- YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW HIM,
YOU DUMB-SH-- BONOBO.
- [laughing]
- DON'T LAUGH AT ME.
- CARLOS, NO!
NO!
- I NEED TO SEE!
I NEED TO SEE!
SH--.
HEY, CALL AN AMBULANCE!
NOW! GO!
- CALL SIMON! TELL HIM
TO GET THE VAN HERE NOW.
- NO, DON'T CALL SIMON!
CALL AN AMBULANCE!
- AN AMBULANCE
WILL BRING THE POLICE.
- SO WILL A DEAD BODY, OKAY,
WHICH IS WHAT YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
WHEN HE BLEEDS OUT.
- TELL SIMON TO BRING A TARP
AND SOME BLEACH
AND MAYBE SOMETHING SHARP.
- HE'S NOT DEAD!
PUSH HARD, PUSH HARD,
PUSH HARD, PUSH HARD!
- HEY, BRING THE ECONOLINE.
NOW.
FIVE, TEN MINUTES.
- [mumbling]
OKAY.
PRESS HARD,
PRESS HARD, PRESS HARD!
HEY! I CAN HOLD IT.
I CAN HOLD IT
TILL THE VAN GETS HERE, OKAY?
BUT WHEN IT DOES, WE DRIVE HIM
DOWN THE BLOCK, RIGHT?
DRIVE HIM DOWN THE BLOCK.
DROP HIM OFF IN A LAWN,
I DON'T GIVE A SH--, OKAY?
JUST-- JUST CALL AN AMBULANCE
FOR HIM.
- GO HELP HIM!
- LET GO, I'VE GOT IT.
- I GOT IT.
- GO!
- I GOT IT!
- GET OUT OF MY HOUSE.
- [gasping]
- WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
- JOHNNY.
- GO HOME, JOHNNY.
I'LL CALL YOU.
- HOW WAS THAT, MIKE?
I HOLD IT TOGETHER FOR YOU?
- YOU KNOW, I HEAR THAT STUFF
TASTES LIKE SH--E.
- A LOT BETTER
THAN GOING COLD TURKEY.
- AH, GOOD POINT.
- WHAT?
- [sighs]
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, WHAT?
I'M JUST CHECKING ON A FRIEND.
- ASK ME
WHAT YOU WANNA ASK ME.
- WHY'D YOU BAIL ON SOLANO,
CHUCK, HMM?
I MEAN, IF JT COULD WEASEL
HIS LITTLE ASS IN THERE,
I'M PRETTY SURE
YOU COULD TOO.
- MAYBE IT'S BETTER
TO GO COLD TURKEY.
- CHARLIE.
- YOU NEVER ONCE
GOT ANGRY AT ME, YOU KNOW THAT?
- WHAT?
- MY BEST FRIEND.
I PUT YOU THROUGH THE RINGER,
ACCUSED YOU OF MURDER.
AND IT'S ALL HUGS.
"NO HARM, NO FOUL, CHARLIE."
- THAT'S 'CAUSE
THERE WAS NONE.
- NO, THERE WAS HARM,
AND THERE WAS FOUL,
AND I GOTTA WEAR IT.
I GOTTA WEAR IT
TILL IT FITS.
IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GO IN
WITH SOLANO?
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GO ANYWHERE
WHEN I GOT MY LINES SO CROSSED
THAT I'M POINTING FINGERS
AT YOU?
- SHH.
YOU...
DON'T HAVE TO GO ANYWHERE.
I TALKED TO KELLY BADILLO.
- WHAT?
- MM-HMM.
- ABOUT WHAT?
- UH, THINGS.
I WISH I COULD CONVINCE YOU THAT
YOU AND I DON'T NEED ANY FIXING,
BUT I CAN'T.
MAYBE WE CAN HELP HER.
- HOW?
- I'M STILL WORKING
ON THAT PART.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
- THIS IS STUPID.
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR
IF WE DON'T KNOW
WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR?
- WE'RE LOOKING
FOR A BUS, JAKES.
HEY.
- WHOA!
- STOP DRINKING
IF YOU'RE GONNA BE HERE.
- IS NOT BEING HERE
AN OPTION?
- YEAH, DALE, IT IS.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO COME BACK.
- AND PASS UP ON AN OCEANSIDE
MANSION WITH FREE RENT?
- YOU DON'T EVEN LIKE
THE OCEAN.
- NO, I REALLY DON'T.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S THIS OLD,
UH, LOONEY TUNES.
DAFFY, I THINK.
YEAH, DAFFY.
AND HE'S OUT IN THE DESERT,
AND HE'S THIRSTY.
BUT JUST AS HE'S ABOUT
TO GIVE UP, HE SPOTS THIS OASIS.
SO HE RUNS OVER THERE, AND HE
STICKS HIS HAND IN THE WATER,
TAKES A BIG GULP.
THEN HE STARTS COUGHING
AND HACKING.
TURNS OUT IT WAS A MIRAGE.
- YOU AND DAFFY
ARE REAL MARTYRS.
- PLEASE.
I KNOW YOU FEEL IT.
WE EAT, WE WORK, WE DIE.
THERE'S NO GLORY HERE.
JUST A MOUTHFUL OF SAND.
- SHUT UP, DALE.
- YOU ASKED.
- NO!
LOOK, IT'S TINKER BELL.
- OH, SH--.
- SHE JUST GOT OFF BUS 118.
- 118 COMES IN FROM TECATE.
- WAIT.
- THAT'S GOTTA BE OUR BUS.
- WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
I'M GONNA GO TALK TO HER.
- NO, NO, NO, NO.
WE GOTTA SEE
WHERE THEY UNLOAD IT.
- SHE'S INVOLVED.
- EVEN STILL,
THE BUS IS THE TARGET.
- AND SHE'S A HUMAN BEING.
- OKAY, HURRY.
GO.
- ATTENTION, PLEASE.
BUS 220 WILL BE BOARDING
IN FIVE MINUTES.
ATTENTION, PLEASE.
BUS 220 WILL BE BOARDING
IN FIVE MINUTES.
ALL PASSENGERS
TRAVELING SOUTHBOUND FROM MEXICO
MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT.
ALL PASSENGERS
TRAVELING SOUTHBOUND FROM MEXICO
MUST CARRY A VALID PASSPORT.
[speaking Spanish]
- HEY.
HEY, DO YOU NEED HELP?
- NO.
NO, I WAIT FOR BUS.
- IT'S OKAY,
I KNOW YOU'RE IN TROUBLE.
BUT WE CAN'T TALK HERE, OKAY?
COME ON.
COME WITH ME.
- I AM-- I AM AMERICAN.
- I KNOW.
COME HERE, COME HERE.
OKAY,
I NEED YOU TO TELL ME.
WERE YOU WITH ANYONE?
WAS ANYBODY WATCHING YOU?
- YOU ARE POLICE?
- NO.
NO, I'M A FRIEND.
[knocking on door]
OKAY, WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME.
GIVE ME YOUR BACKPACK.
COME ON.
IS LINA YOUR REAL NAME?
AND YOU'RE FROM THE UKRAINE?
OKAY, WHO GAVE YOU THIS?
- [whimpers]
- LINA,
I NEED YOU TO TALK TO ME.
- [crying]
[speaking Russian]
- [speaking Russian]
SYLMAR.
WHAT IS IN SYLMAR?
- HE SAYS GO!
I DON'T KNOW WHY!
I DON'T WANT TO GO.
I WANT TO GO HOME.
- I KNOW, I KNOW.
I KNOW YOU DO.
I NEED YOU TO TAKE--
[knocking on door]
I NEED YOU TO TAKE THIS, OKAY,
AND SHOW NO ONE.
- WHAT-- WHAT--
WHAT IS...
YOU SAID YOU HELP.
- I NEED YOU TO TAKE THIS
AND GO TO SYLMAR.
- I TELL YOU EVERYTHING.
- I KNOW.
I KNOW YOU DID, OKAY?
DON'T--
[knocking on door]
- HEY, OPEN THE DOOR!
- DON'T BE AFRAID.
EVERYTHING IS GONNA BE OKAY.
- THIS IS WHAT THE MEN
SAY TO ME ALSO.
FOR MY FATHER.
- OKAY.
- YOU SEND.
- NO, I WILL SEND, OKAY?
AND I WILL FIND YOU, I PROMISE.
I PROMISE.
OKAY.
COME ON.
UNLOCK IT.
- [sighs]
SH--.
- MOVE! MOVE!
- WELL?
- MOVE! YOU'RE DRUNK.
SHE HAD A FORGED PASSPORT,
AND THE DRIVER OF 118
IS DEFINITELY IN ON IT.
WE HAVE OUR BUS.
- WHAT ABOUT THE GIRL?
- SHE'S ON BUS 220.
I'LL CATCH UP
WITH HER LATER.
- HEY, I'M CALLING
ABOUT A GUNSHOT WOUND.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
ESTEBAN GARCIA.
ESTEBAN WITH A "B."
YEAH, HE SHOULD'VE COME IN
A COUPLE HOURS AGO
WITH A THROAT WOUND.
OH, "FAIR" IS GOOD?
YO, Z!
- OH, PLEASE TELL ME
SOME GOOD NEWS.
- WELL, WE GOT SOMETHING.
BUS 118 DROPS ALL ITS PASSENGERS
OFF AND ENDS UP HERE.
LARGE BODY GARAGE,
UNDER THE HOOD STUFF.
S.I.C. EIGHT THREES
AND I.S.L. NINES, MAINLY.
I'M AN ENGINE GUY.
- IS IT STILL IN THERE?
- GOES IN,
COMES OUT 30 MINUTES LATER.
- SCHEDULED MAINTENANCE?
- CALLED CALCOAST.
NOT DUE TILL NEXT WEEK.
- [sighs]
MAN.
I'VE BEEN TRACKING THIS
SON OF A BITCH FOR A LONG TIME.
WE FINALLY GOT IT.
JAKES,
WE FINALLY GOT IT, MAN.
- GO US.
- HEY, WHERE'S PAIGE?
- SYLMAR.
- WHAT'S IN SYLMAR?
- A HUMAN BEING.
[beeping]
[accelerated beeping]
[phone vibrating]
[dog barks]